Adapt NGINX so it can be customized (#115)
bitnami/bitnami-docker-nginx: customize/README.md

# Customizing Bitnami NGINX Docker Image

> The Bitnami NGINX Docker image is designed to be extended so it can be used as the base image for your custom web apps containers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Bitnami NGINX Docker image is designed to be extended so it can be used as the base image for your custom web applications.
```

## Understand how the image works

> The Bitnami NGINX Docker image is built using a Dockerfile wit the structure below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Bitnami NGINX Docker image is built using a Dockerfile with the structure below:
```

```Dockerfile
FROM bitnami/minideb-extras-base
...
# Install required system packages and dependencies
RUN install_packages xxx yyy zzz
RUN . ./libcomponent.sh && component_unpack "nginx" "a.b.c-0"
...
COPY rootfs /
RUN /prepare.sh
...
ENV BITNAMI_APP_NAME="nginx" ...
EXPOSE 8080 8443
VOLUME /app
VOLUME /certs
WORKDIR /app
USER 1001
...
ENTRYPOINT [ "/entrypoint.sh" ]
CMD [ "/run.sh" ]
```

We can identify several sections within the Dockerfile:

- A section where all the required components are installed.

> - A section where the the assets are prepared.

Reviewer: Not sure about "prepared", it is not very obvious. I would suggest "where all the components are statically configured", do you have any other ideas?

Author: I think that can work.

- A section where the env. variables, the ports to be exposed, the working directory and the user are defined.

>   - Note that once the user is set to 1001, unprivileged actions cannot be done anymore.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Note that once the user is set to 1001, unprivileged commands cannot be executed anymore.
```

> - A section where the entrypoint and command used to initialize/start the containers are declared.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A section where the entrypoint and command used to start the service are declared.
```
